Updated the Doc for Dynamic Column Change (#9666)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _observing-your-data/query-insights/query-insights-dashboard.md

### F. Metrics table

The metrics table dynamically adapts based on the selected Type filter (query, group, or both).  Dynamic columns reduce clutter and increase clarity by tailoring the displayed data to the selected query type. The interface adapts in the following ways, illustrated in the screenshots below:

> ![Column Display for Query Selected](../../images/Query-Insights/OnlyQueryColDisplay.png)

Reviewer: Let's add some concise descriptions on each screenshot.

Author: Updated the changes

### F. Metrics table

> The metrics table dynamically adapts based on the selected Type filter (query, group, or both).  Dynamic columns reduce clutter and increase clarity by tailoring the displayed data to the selected query type. The interface adapts in the following ways, illustrated in the screenshots below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The metrics table dynamically adapts based on the selected Type filter (query, group, or both).  Dynamic columns reduce clutter and increase clarity by tailoring the displayed data to the selected query type. The interface adapts in the following ways, illustrated in the screenshots the following:
```

### F. Metrics table

> The metrics table dynamically adapts based on your **Type** filter selection (**Query**, **Group**, or both). Dynamic columns improve clarity by showing only the relevant data for each query type. The interface adapts in the following ways:

Reviewer 3: Last sentence: "The following image shows how the interface adapts"?

> The metrics table dynamically adapts based on your **Type** filter selection (**Query**, **Group**, or both). Dynamic columns improve clarity by showing only the relevant data for each query type. The interface adapts in the following ways:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The metrics table dynamically adapts based on your **Type** filter selection (**Query**, **Group**, or both). Dynamic columns improve clarity by showing only the relevant data for each query type. The following images should how the interface adapts in the following ways:
```

> When you select **queries only**, the table displays individual metrics, including **Latency**, **CPU Time**, and **Memory Usage**. The **Query Count** column isn't displayed because each row represents a single query, as shown in the following image:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you select **queries only**, the table displays individual metrics, including **Latency**, **CPU Time**, and **Memory Usage**. The **Query Count** column isn't displayed because each row represents a single query, as shown in the following image.
```

> When you select **queries only**, the table displays individual metrics, including **Latency**, **CPU Time**, and **Memory Usage**. The **Query Count** column isn't displayed because each row represents a single query.

Reviewer 3: The image should be referenced in the text preceding it.

> When you select **groups only**, the table displays aggregated metrics, including **Average Latency**, **Average CPU Time**, and **Average Memory Usage**. The **Query Count** column shows how many queries are in each group, as shown in the following image:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you select **groups only**, the table displays aggregated metrics, including **Average Latency**, **Average CPU Time**, and **Average Memory Usage**. The **Query Count** column shows how many queries are in each group, as shown in the following image.
```

> When you select **groups only**, the table displays aggregated metrics, including **Average Latency**, **Average CPU Time**, and **Average Memory Usage**. The **Query Count** column shows how many queries are in each group.

Reviewer 3: The image should be referenced in the text preceding it.

> When you select both **groups** and **queries**, the table displays combined metrics, including both averaged and raw values, such as **Avg Latency/Latency**, as shown in the following image:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you select both **groups** and **queries**, the table displays combined metrics, including both averaged and raw values, as shown in the following image.
```

When you select both **groups** and **queries**, the table displays combined metrics, including both averaged and raw values, such as **Avg Latency/Latency**. 

The following table provides descriptions for each metric and the metric's related query and group when selected.

| Column name | Description  | Query selected | Group selected | Query + group selected |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |

> | **ID**                  | Unique identifier for the query or group. | `ID`   | `ID`   | `ID`  |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| **ID**                  | The unique identifier for the query or group. | `ID`   | `ID`   | `ID`  |
```

| **Type**                | Indicates whether the entry is a query or a group. | `Type`  | `Type` | `Type`  |

> | **Query Count**         | The number of queries aggregated in the group.  | Not shown  | `Query Count`        | `Query Count` (only for group)   |

Reviewer 3: In parens: "only for the group"?

> | **Query Count**         | The number of queries aggregated in the group.  | Not shown  | `Query Count`        | `Query Count` (only for group)   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Query Count**         | The number of queries aggregated in the group.  | Not shown  | `Query Count`        | `Query Count` (only for the group)   |
```

> | **Timestamp**           | The amount of time when the query or group was recorded (may be empty for groups). | `Timestamp`     | Not shown            | `Timestamp` (only for query)     |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| **Timestamp**           | The time at which the query or group was recorded (may be empty for groups). | `Timestamp`     | Not shown            | `Timestamp` (only for query)     |
```

> | **Latency**             | The amount of time taken for individual queries to execute.  | `Latency`          | `Average Latency`    | `Avg Latency/Latency`          |

Reviewer 3: Line 102: In parens: "only for the query"?

Reviewer 2: Looking at this again, I think we can remove the parenthesis completely. The definitions already make it clear which element the metric pertains to.

| **CPU Time**            | The number of CPU resources consumed. | `CPU Time`         | `Average CPU Time`   | `Avg CPU Time/CPU Time`        |
| **Memory Usage**        | The amount of memory used during execution.  | `Memory Usage`     | `Average Memory Usage` | `Avg Memory Usage/Memory Usage` |

> | **Indexes**             | A list of indexes involved in the query or group. | `Indexes`  | Not shown            | `Indexes` (only for query)       |

Reviewer 3: In parens: "only for the query"?

> | **Indexes**             | A list of indexes involved in the query or group. | `Indexes`  | Not shown            | `Indexes`  (only for the query)  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Indexes**             | A list of indexes involved in the query or group. | `Indexes`  | Not shown            | `Indexes`    |
```

> | **Indexes**             | A list of indexes involved in the query or group. | `Indexes`  | Not shown            | `Indexes` (only for query)       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Indexes**             | A list of indexes involved in the query or group. | `Indexes`  | Not shown            | `Indexes` (only for the query)       |
```

> | **Search Type**         | The search execution method used (such as query then fetch).  | `Search Type`      | Not shown            | `Search Type` (only for query)   |

Reviewer 3: In parens: "only for the query"?

> | **Coordinator Node ID** | The node that coordinated the query.  | `Coordinator Node ID` | Not shown         | `Coordinator Node ID` (only for query) |

Reviewer 3: In parens: "only for the query"?

> | **Total Shards**        | The number of shards involved in query processing.   | `Total Shards`     | Not shown            | `Total Shards` (only for query)  |

Reviewer 3: In parens: "only for the query"?

> When you select **Query + Group**:

Reviewer 2: @KishoreKicha14: What is this referencing in the UI exactly? I don't see it in the provided screen shots or my environment.

Author: @Naarcha-AWS These refers to the columns in table which shows the list of query present.

Reviewer 2: I think that behavior is easily understood so I'm going to remove this for now.

> - If all displayed rows are queries, the table follows the **Query Selected** behavior.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- If all displayed rows are queries, then the table follows the **Query Selected** behavior.
```

> - If all displayed rows are groups, the table follows the **Group Selected** behavior.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- If all displayed rows are groups, then the table follows the **Group Selected** behavior.
```
